c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\bin\Debug\GoWPFTest.exe.config
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\bin\Debug\GoWPFTest.exe
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\bin\Debug\GoWPFTest.pdb
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\bin\Debug\Northwoods.GoWPF.dll
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\bin\Debug\Northwoods.GoWPF.xml
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\ImageResource.baml
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\PathWindow.baml
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\PathWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\GoWPFTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\GoWPFTest_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\GoWPFTest.g.resources
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\GoWPFTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\GoWPFTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\GoWPFTest.exe
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\GoWPFTest.pdb
c:\users\pqin.prod\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GoWPFTest\GoWPFTest\obj\Debug\GoWPFTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
